[cmake] respect OT_POSIX_SETTINGS_PATH option (#842)
openthread/ot-br-posix: third_party/openthread/CMakeLists.txt

    set(OT_DNSSD_SERVER ON CACHE BOOL "enable DNS-SD server support" FORCE)
endif()

if (NOT OT_POSIX_SETTINGS_PATH)

>     set(OT_POSIX_SETTINGS_PATH ON CACHE STRING "\"/var/lib/thread\"" FORCE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    set(OT_POSIX_SETTINGS_PATH "/var/lib/thread" CACHE STRING "set the directory to put Thread data" FORCE)
```

>     list(APPEND OT_PLATFORM_DEFINES "-DOPENTHREAD_CONFIG_POSIX_SETTINGS_PATH=\"/var/lib/thread\"")

Reviewer: How about setting the path with the new option?
